Zoom API Doc Addition (#89)
hackforla/tables: dev-docs/zoom-api.md

## Zoom API for Tables

### Intro
A couple of things we should go over before proceeding. To use the Zoom API, we need access to Zoom Marketplace App accounts.
These accounts at creation time are given permissions that allow them to take certain actions on behalf of someone
or to make certain API calls. You can really think of them as an API user account. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On this project we have already created a Zoom Marketplace App account.  See resources for more details.

```

  * Endpoint: `https://developers.zoom.us/docs/api/meetings/#tag/meetings/GET/users/{userId}/meetings`
  * Scopes: `meeting:read,meeting:read:admin`
  * Granular scopes: `meeting:read:list_meetings,meeting:read:list_meetings:admin`
  * Description: Retrieve a list of all meetings
* Who attended an onboarding
  * Endpoint: `GET /past_meetings/{meetingId}/participants`
  * Documentation URL: `https://developers.zoom.us/docs/api/meetings/#tag/meetings/GET/past_meetings/{meetingId}/participants`
  * Description: Gives a list of participants of a past meeting.
  * Caveat: Does not return information if there was only one participant
  * Scopes: `meeting:read:admin,meeting:read`
  * Grandular Scopes: `meeting:read:list_past_participants,meeting:read:list_past_participants:admin`
* Who registered for an onboarding
  * Endpoint: `GET /meetings/{meetingId}/registrants`
  * Documentation URL: `https://developers.zoom.us/docs/api/meetings/#tag/meetings/GET/meetings/{meetingId}/registrants`
  * Description: List users that have registered for a meeting.
  * Scopes: `meeting:read:admin,meeting:read`
  * Granular Scopes: `meeting:read:list_registrants,meeting:read:list_registrants:admin`

> Just to give some additional details here. You need a list of meetings and their ids

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notes for API calls: 
- You need a list of meetings and their ids
```

to make the second and third API calls above. One way to get that information is to
first get a list of meetings for a single user. The user in this case
will really be a Zoom marketplace API App user that we have created for our
own use. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Note, that the scopes listed are essentially permissions granted to an App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scopes listed are essentially permissions granted to an App
```

account. `Scopes` are broad scopes grante to an App during Zoom App creation.
While still supported, Scopes are an older style of permission management within Zoom and are on their way to deprecation.
Granular Scopes are a more finely-grained version of scopes that are used
for new Zoom Apps.

### Usage

> To make a call to Zoom's API, you meed an OAuth token. These tokens must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make a call to Zoom's API, you need an OAuth token. These tokens must
```

be generated and are typically valid for 1 hour.
The account id that we need to make the API all below is listed in the Tables 

> 1Pass entry under "Zoom Meeting and Past Participant API". The relevant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1Password entry under "Zoom Meeting and Past Participant API". The relevant
```

## Zoom API for Tables

### Intro

A couple of things we should go over before proceeding. To use the Zoom API, we need access to Zoom Marketplace App accounts.
These accounts at creation time are given permissions that allow them to take certain actions on behalf of someone
or to make certain API calls. You can really think of them as an API user account.

> On this project, we have already created a Zoom Marketplace App account. See "Resources" section for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Creating an App Account to call the API

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See Zoom documentation if you need to do this

### Hack for LA's Zoom Marketplace Apps to use on this project
```

> See Zoom documentation if you need to do this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On this project, we have already created a Zoom Marketplace App account. See "Resources" section for details. 
```

Right now, we have a couple of Zoom Marketplace App accounts that allow users to make calls into the Zoom
API if need be. The one with the most permissions and the permissions related to retrieving information related
to Zoom meetings, meeting participants, and registrants is called "Hack for LA Zoom API".
Please use that to make API calls. The credentials associated with that account are
detailed below.

> If for whatever reason you don't have access to that App account, then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are circumstances where a new Zoom App is required.  See Resources for how to make a new Zoom Marketplace App.
```

> If for whatever reason you don't have access to that App account, then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> we can create a new one to make calls to Zoom's API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - You will first need access to the admin account that we use for Zoom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   Please try and use that account first if you can.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Login, and then from there you can go to the Zoom marketplace, hover over "Develop", and then click "Build App". An App's credentials will be needed to make API calls. Just keep in mind, that you may need additional permissions to log into that admin zoom account, and we would ideally want to just use the existing App Account anyways for API calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  Please try and use that account first if you can.

> - From there you will find step-by-step guidance that should provide the necessary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   information on how to finish creating an app account and what credentials/permissions to add to that account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Make sure to store the account id, client id, and secret token somewhere secure for later use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The other field that we need to provide is the authorization token. This needed to be created in a way using a base64 encoded string that is initially formatted like so before encoding: "client_id:secret_token".
There are a couple of way to do such an encoding:

- You can use the command line in OS X: `echo -n "[client_secret]:[secret_token]" | openssl base64`
- Or you can provide a string in the above format to a service online that will do the encoding for you.

```
curl -X POST https://zoom.us/oauth/token -d 'grant_type=account_credentials' \
  -d 'account_id=[account_id]' -H 'Host: zoom.us' -H \
  'Authorization: Basic [base64 encoded combination of client secret and secret token]'
```

Once you have a generated authorization token from the API call above, store it somewhere temporarily and include
it as your Bearer token in an API call that you wish to make. Here is an example API call
that you could make with cURL.

```
curl --request GET \
  --url https://api.zoom.us/v2/users/tables@hackforla.org/meetings \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer [BEARER_TOKEN]' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded'
```

### Resources

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How to access the Zoom admin account
```

- `https://zoom.us/myhome` — home page once logged in as admin. You need
  admin access to create new Zoom Apps for API use. Keep in mind that we
  already have a working Zoom App account.

> - `https://marketplace.zoom.us/` — Once logged in as an admin, this is where

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### How to add a new Zoom marketplace app
- `https://marketplace.zoom.us/` — Once logged in as an admin, this is where
```

- `https://zoom.us/myhome` — home page once logged in as admin. You need
  admin access to create new Zoom Apps for API use. Keep in mind that we
  already have a working Zoom App account.
- `https://marketplace.zoom.us/` — Once logged in as an admin, this is where
  you can create new Zoom Apps if need be. The only reason I can think of to do this though
  is if existing Zoom Apps don't have the required permissions to make necessary API calls.

>   It seems that once created, you cannot alter the permissions/scopes on a Zoom Marketplace App Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It seems that once created, you cannot alter the permissions/scopes on a Zoom Marketplace App Account.
  - Login, and then from there you can go to the Zoom marketplace, hover over "Develop", and then click "Build App". An App's credentials will be needed to make API calls. Just keep in mind, that you may need additional permissions to log into that admin zoom account, and we would ideally want to just use the existing App Account anyways for API calls.
   - From there you will find step-by-step guidance that should provide the necessary
  information on how to finish creating an app account and what credentials/permissions to add to that account.
   - Make sure to store the account id, client id, and secret token in the Tables 1Password vault for later use.
```
